hi,

i have such a nice casio wmp-1 watch a very long time now. but i never
had it running with linux. and today i surly have no win98 at hands
to upload new songs... 

so i nearly forgot that watch until Carl-Erik Kopseng wrote me an email
that there is a guy who has reverse engeneered the watch. that guy
is Martin Kiewitz.

Carl-Erik sent me his OS/2 REXX source and i've spent a whole weekend on
porting the rexx code to C++/libusb.
(wow, i've never seen rexx before :) took me little time until i understood
every line....)

the porting of the usb-access functions was not so difficult.

i'm sorry that the source-design is not very nice. but at the moment
i have no time for a nicer rewrite. (many function-names and variables still
come from Martin. and i dont like that many global variables very much)

the program has 2 modes of operation.
iteractive and playlist import.

interactive allows you to upload/download/delete single files.
to start the program in interactive mode, just dont pass any arguments.

playlist mode is nice for every day operation.
the program reads m3u files as generated from eg. xmms.

one way i will use this program:
	./wmp_manager -r big_playlist.m3u
this way the playlist gets randomized before upload. so everyday i have
another music collection.
naturally not all songs in the playlist will fit on the watch (only 32MB
:( not very much today...) but the program keeps running. eventually another
shorter song will fit....

if you have wishes or comments don't hesitate to send me an email to
schmidt_florian at gmx.de

by the way: no one forbids you to upload jsut any kind of files!
you could for example upload your ssh private key... okay the watch dont
knows what to do with it. but you can download it if you need it.
(okay, you wont carry that ugly cradle everytime with you... :) )

i love the idea of another project: 
userfs for the wmp1
so that you can mount the watch just as an usb-stick!!

if i had more time i would start it!

okay, enough for now. for more information look for the package from 
Martin Kiewitz, he has nice readme's!

as martin says in his readme's:
	This software is 'e-mail ware'. This means, if you use it, please send
	me an e-mail or a greeting card. I just want to see, how many people
	are using it.
so it would be nice, if you send me and martin an email, if you like that software!

martin's hompage is here: http://www.ecomstation.ru/kiewitzsoft/
i think there you will find his email (i dont want to post it here...)


i hope you enjoy.

flo.
